Update deployment-resource-constraints.md (#1181)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-deployments-category/deployment-resource-constraints.md

Once the first Stage in the queue is done deploying, the next Stage in the queue can deploy to that Service and Infrastructure Definition combination.

> You can also view the number of deployments that are queued and access links to their executions by hovering over the resource constraint step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also view the number of deployments that are queued, and access their execution links by hovering over the **Resource Constraint** step.
```
